README.md, before:

# UnrealNavigation
Unreal Navigation is an effort to integrate industry standard autonomous navigation algorithms to the Unreal Engine to provide a variety of test environments and ease of use in a real-time simulation. 

## Setup
We are using the Unreal Engine 4.18, source-built in Linux, as simulation environment. ROS Kinetic is being used as the utility that has most of these industry standard autonomous navigation algorithms. 

### UE4 Dependencies
This branch currently depends on the [UROSBridge], [UCoordConv] (provided by RobCoG ) and [UnrealCV] plugins.


## Current Progress

A few demonstrations of [ORB-SLAM2] operating on a real-time Unreal Engine simulation have been performed in uncommon environments.

Here is an asteroid field (10x speed):

![Asteroid ORBSLAM](https://github.com/maucoen/UnrealNavigation/blob/Navigation/WebContent/asteroidslam.gif "Asteroid field ORB SLAM")

### How to Use

Please download all plugins to your UE project. Additionally, install ROS and ORB-SLAM2 in your system.

In the UE Editor, attach the ROSImagePublisher actor to your specific camera sensor actor. It will inherit rotation and location for its attachment, and will act as your camera sensor to ROS. 

The ROSImagePublisher has settings for Mono, RGBD, or Stereo camera, accesible from the UE Editor. You can toggle publishing to ORB-SLAM2 topics by pressing keyboard K once in-game. (line 31 ROSImagePublisher.cpp)

Before starting to publish to ROS, run the ROSBridge nodes (as detailed in [UROSBridge]) and the ORB-SLAM2 node for your camera settings (as detailed in ORB-SLAM2 ROS nodes examples). Yaml files to match the current commit are in: `./Config/` in this repo. 


## Work in Progress
Integration with Voxblox to form a physical representation of the map.
Integration with Maplab + ROVIO to have a unified pipeline up to mapping.
Refactor scene capture solution away from UnrealCV plugin.

### Next Up
Output a path planning solution (OMPL and ASTRO) from the online generated map.  


[UROSBridge]: https://github.com/robcog-iai/UROSBridge
[UCoordConv]: https://github.com/robcog-iai/UCoordConv
[RobCoG]: https://github.com/robcog-iai
[UnrealCV]: https://github.com/unrealcv/unrealcv
[ORB-SLAM2]: https://github.com/raulmur/ORB_SLAM2

Commit message:

working tf and pointcloud creation

README.md, after:

# UnrealNavigation
Unreal Navigation is an effort to integrate industry standard autonomous navigation algorithms to the Unreal Engine to provide a variety of test environments and ease of use in a real-time simulation. 

## Setup
We are using the Unreal Engine 4.18, source-built in Linux, as simulation environment. ROS Kinetic is being used as the utility that has most of these industry standard autonomous navigation algorithms. 

### UE4 Dependencies
This branch currently depends on the [UROSBridge], [UCoordConv] (provided by RobCoG ) and [UnrealCV] plugins.


## Current Progress

A few demonstrations of [ORB-SLAM2] operating on a real-time Unreal Engine simulation have been performed in uncommon environments.

Here is an asteroid field (10x speed):

![Asteroid ORBSLAM](https://github.com/maucoen/UnrealNavigation/blob/Navigation/WebContent/asteroidslam.gif "Asteroid field ORB SLAM")

### How to Use

Please download all plugins to your UE project. Additionally, install ROS and ORB-SLAM2 in your system.

In the UE Editor, attach the ROSImagePublisher actor to your specific camera sensor actor. It will inherit rotation and location for its attachment, and will act as your camera sensor to ROS. 

The ROSImagePublisher has settings for Mono, RGBD, or Stereo camera, accesible from the UE Editor. You can toggle publishing to ORB-SLAM2 topics by pressing keyboard K once in-game. (line 31 ROSImagePublisher.cpp)

Before starting to publish to ROS, run the ROSBridge nodes (as detailed in [UROSBridge]) and the ORB-SLAM2 node for your camera settings (as detailed in ORB-SLAM2 ROS nodes examples). Yaml files to match the current commit are in: `./Config/` in this repo. 


## Work in Progress
Integration with Voxblox to form a physical representation of the map.

Below is a demo of current progress towards Voxblox mapping. Pointcloud visualization is complete in RViz.

![Asteroid PCL2](https://github.com/maucoen/UnrealNavigation/blob/Navigation/WebContent/asteroidpcl.gif "Asteroid field PCL2")


Integration with Maplab + ROVIO to have a unified pipeline up to mapping.
Refactor scene capture solution away from UnrealCV plugin.

### Next Up
Output a path planning solution (OMPL and ASTRO) from the online generated map.  


[UROSBridge]: https://github.com/robcog-iai/UROSBridge
[UCoordConv]: https://github.com/robcog-iai/UCoordConv
[RobCoG]: https://github.com/robcog-iai
[UnrealCV]: https://github.com/unrealcv/unrealcv
[ORB-SLAM2]: https://github.com/raulmur/ORB_SLAM2
